importer at cost ecuador of the voice
puts in consideration of its clients
exclusive and sophisticated your product
star ecological water heaters
digital laser below in the video
the replacement of a gas boiler for
our product stars as well
we can observe the size is huge
that has a gas boiler and then
logically this takes space away from the
housing to the continuation our
technician proceeds towards the uninstallation
of the water supply hoses that
have been installed at the beginning in the
gas heating
logically prior to uninstallation
of these water intakes was proceeded to the
uninstallation of the gas connection
our product star heater
ecological water digital laser like
we had commented is imported
directly from the us by our
importing company costa ecuador el
product among others of its benefits
as you can manifest in this
takes account with a small size of 25
centimeters it grieves and has all the
international guarantees for
safeguard the health of the public account
also with an internal kit that serves to
its installation
then our technician proceeds to
do the preparation of the
water facilities that will go
connected to the heater if required to
make an adjustment so that there are no
water leaks and also proceeds to do
the fit of the hoses that will go
connected to the inlet and outlet water
hot and cold respectively of its
home or your company once installed
the water inlets are proceeded to make the
installation of the heater on the wall
and then logically proceeds to do the
electrical installation of it in this
moment is disconnected at
shots of light for obvious reasons of
safety below our technician
goes to the box of breakers has
disconnected and proceeds to do the last
installation prior to the operation of the
ecological heater how can we
observe for safety the technician
uses protective gloves and
then proceed to cover the
wires with insulating tape that does not
will allow any kind of problems with
the electrical issue once the
heater we can immediately have
Unlimited hot water in your home
company in carrier acosta ecuador
with its star product heater
digital laser water thanks